The Wine Pad Copyright (C) The Eastwood Group 1993-----------------------------------------------Note: This is a work in progress, not even to the alpha stage. Pleasedon't judge this as a final product, merely as a general direction.Please give us your feedback!The Wine Pad consists of two applications:Wine Init creates the soup files. Included is an existing wine cellar (my own) of about 500 wines. The data tables for the operation of The Wine Pad are also contained here. The Wine Pad will not operate until the following buttons are tapped in Wine Init:¥	Import Regions: Takes about 10 minutes¥	Import Wine Data: Takes about 40 minutesThe import steps take some time to do, so be patient. Importing data to the Region Soup provides the basic data that The Wine Pad accesses constantly while running. Importing the Wine Data brings in a complete sample wine cellar (my own, in fact) so you can see how the software works with a full size data base of around 500 wines.Once these functions are completed, Wine Init can be removed from the Newton if you want.Wine Pad is fairly straightforward to operate. The biggest known problem is random "out of memory" messages: hopefully 1.05 will help, otherwise we'll have to do some more work.Within the Wines view, when a list of wines in a region is displayed, it may appear to take a long time the first time the list is requested. However, the Wine Pad then saves this information so that the display will be much quicker on subsequent requests. This building process may be moved into Import Wine Data in a future release.There is a whole list of enhancements we're making to add to the functionality, but the package as it is seems quite handy already. It's based on The Wine Bin, a package we've been selling for a while on the Macintosh through national advertising in The Wine Spectator, etc.To contact us:AppleLink: George.HenneCompuserve: 72714,3043 George HenneInternet: gh@hookup.netPhone: 416 264-5777Fax:     416 264-5888